student council Sikkim Manipal University Know SMIT History Vision/Mission Administration Mandatory Disclosures Rankings Achievements Accreditations Affiliations International Collaboration Cell Institution's Innovation Council ICC Committees Human Resource Policy Notice NIRF IQAC News Events Alumni CDOE ERP Download Forms Prospectus Department Department of Civil Engineering Department of Civil Engineering UG BTech in Civil Engineering PG M.Tech in Structural Engineering M.Tech in Hydrology and Water Resource Engineering Ph.D. Ph.D. Department of Computer Science & Engineering Department of Computer Science & Engineering UG B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering (NBA Accredited) B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering (IoT and Cyber Security including Blockchain Technology) Lateral B.Tech in all of the above courses PG MTech in Computer Science & Engineering Ph.D. Ph.D. Department of Electronics & Communication Engineering Department of Electronics & Communication Engineering UG BTech in Electronics & Communication Engineering B.Tech. in Electronics Engineering (VLSI Design & Technology) Lateral BTech (through Diploma) B.Sc.(Computer Science) PG M.Tech. in Communication and Signal Process Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering UG B.Tech (Electrical & Electronics Engineering) Ph.D. Ph.D. Department of Information Technology Department UG B.Tech in Information Technology B. Tech in Computer Science and Information Technology B.Tech in Computer Science & Technology Department of Mechanical Engineering Department of Mechanical Engineering UG BTech in Mechanical Engineering Department of Artificial Intelligence (AI) & Data Science (DS) Department of Artificial Intelligence (AI) & Data Science (DS) UG B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering (Data Science) Department of Computer Applications Department of Computer Applications UG BCA-Bachelor of Computer Applications PG MCA - Master of Computer Applications Ph.D. Ph.D. Department of Management Studies Department of Management Studies UG BBA - Bachelor of Business Administration PG MBA - Master of Business Administration Ph.D. Ph.D. Department of Chemistry Department of Chemistry UG B.Sc Chemistry (Honours) PG M.Sc Chemistry Department of Mathematics Department of Mathematics UG B.Sc. Mathematics PG M.Sc. Mathematics Ph.D. Ph.D. Department of Physics Department of Physics UG B.Sc Physics PG M.Sc Physics Ph.D. Ph.D. Department of Psychology Department of Psychology UG B.A. Psychology/ B.Sc. Applied Psychology B.A. (Hons) Psychology/ B.Sc. (Hons) Applied Psychology B.A. (Honours with Research) Psychology/ B.Sc.(Honours with Research) Applied Psychology Ph.D Ph.D Department of Physical Education & Sports Department of Physical Education & Sports UG Bachelor of Physical Education and Sports (B.P.E.S.) Admissions Overview Admission Contact Scholarship Eligibility Criteria Fee Structure About Us Know SMIT Details History Overview Vision/Mission Administration Mandatory Disclosures Academics ↓ TECHNOLOGY UNDERGRADUATE B.Tech in Civil Engineering (NBA Accredited) B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering (NBA Accredited) B.Tech CSE (Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning) B.Tech CSE (IoT and Cyber Security including Blockchain Technology) B. Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering B.Tech. in Electonics Engineering (VLSI Design & Technology) B. Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering B. Tech in Computer Science & Information Technology B.Tech in Computer Science & Technology B. Tech in Mechanical Engineering B. Tech in Computer Science & Engineering (Data Science) POSTGRADUATE M. Tech in Computer Science and Engineering M. Tech in Structural Engineering M. Tech in Hydrology and Water Resources Engineering Ph. D. MANAGEMENT UNDERGRADUATE Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) POSTGRADUATE Master of Business Administration (MBA) Ph. D. PHYSICAL EDUCATION UNDERGRADUATE Bachelor of Physical Education and Sports (B.P.E.S.) Ph. D. COMPUTER APPLICATIONS UNDERGRADUATE Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) POSTGRADUATE Master of Computer Applications (MCA) (NBA Accredited) Ph. D. PSYCHOLOGY UNDERGRADUATE B. Sc. Applied Psychology B. A. Psychology Ph. D. BASIC SCIENCE UNDERGRADUATE B. Sc. Physics B. Sc. Chemistry B. Sc. Mathematics POSTGRADUATE M. Sc (Chemistry) M. Sc (Physics) M. Sc (Mathematics) Ph. D. LATERAL ENTRY UNDERGRADUATE B.Tech Civil Engineering B.Tech Computer Science & Engineering B.Tech Computer Science & Engineering(AI&ML) B.Tech Computer Science & Engineering(IoT & Cyber Security incl. Blockchain
														Technology) B.Tech Computer Science & Engineering (Data Science) B.Tech Electronics & Communication Engineering B.Tech Electronics Engineering (VLSI Design & Technology) B.Tech Electrical & Electronics Engineering B.Tech Information Technology B.Tech Mechanical Engineering B.Tech HONOURS SPECIALIZATIONS UNDERGRADUATE B.Tech Civil Engineering B.Tech Computer Science & Engineering B.Tech Computer Science & Engineering (Data Science) B.Tech Electronics & Communication Engineering B.Tech Electrical & Electronics Engineering B.Tech Information Technology B.Tech Mechanical Engineering Life@SMIT Overview Practice School Library Student Council Hostel & Campus Facilities Student Support System Facilities for Divyangjan Placement SMIT Placement Research Overview Research area Funding Institute Consultancy List Patents SMU PhD Programs Ethical Clearance Publication List Apply now × Search Now × Search Now Search student council OVERVIEW Student Clubs & Societies College Magazine Achievements Student Affairs Anti Ragging Committee Sports Activities Overview Where Technical Excellence Meets Real-World Solutions Student Council (SC) is an elected body of students. The elected members are third year
                            students and the President and General Secretary (GS) needs to be Class Representative (CR).
                            The students contesting for various posts needs to be nominated by SC members. All the CR’s
                            except for 4th year are allowed to vote to elect the SC members. The main function of Student Council is to coordinate all type of student’s activities in the
                            campus. They directly function under Associate Director (SA) and in the monthly meeting
                            chaired by Director, all issues pertaining to students are discussed in detail. Student
                            Council serves as a platform where the students can raise their concerns and constructively
                            participate in betterment of student’s career, life at campus and contribute positively to
                            the building of the Institute as an ideal place of learning and place of stay. Student Council Members 2025 List CULTURAL CLUB a. ILLUSION Illusion, a group filled with never ending energy and boldness is the oldest dance group on
                            the campus. Inspiring students of SMIT to dance and let it out since 2000. Its members
                            receiving highest praise for their diverse forte from bollywood to b-boying, their
                            musicality, and their sheer human authenticity. Their achievements have even made college
                            proud when their few dancers shined in springfest, IIT kharagpur. The mission of these
                            Illusionists is to develop, promote and sustain dance on the grounds of Sikkim Manipal
                            Institute of Technology and enrich the students with art of dance. b. UDAAN “Dance is the Hidden Language of the soul” and with this idea three girls
                            of the E & C department who were bored of their humdrum lives gave voice to an idea to bring
                            together all the dancers of this college under one roof and form an official dance society
                            of SMIT. This noble idea was met with a lot of impediment. These hurdles no matter how big
                            did not deter the spirit of the founders and with the help of Prof. Mrs. T.Y Ladhaki, this
                            seed that was sown on 31st January, 2015 & came into full bloom by the name of “UDAAN-SMIT
                            Dance Society”. UDAAN has been consistently performing in various inter- and intra-college
                            dance competitions and events and has always won the heart of audience. UDAAN came together
                            to represent SMIT in Kaalrav ’16 and ‘17 and secured Second Prize in the Group Dance
                            Competition. The soul and whole motive of UDAAN is to entertain people and express
                            themselves which is reflected in their performances. c. CHROMATICS Music is a soul to the world, wings to mind, flight to imagination
                            and life to everything. When the name itself has it all it doesn’t need an introduction to
                            define its position in SMIT and in the hearts of the students. The dream of some really
                            talented students soon became the centre of attention to many. Just as the name suggests,
                            this group has a range of artists of different genre who as a group strives to create
                            musical wonder. Chromatix is the first ever Music Club of SMIT founded and established in
                            the year 2016.The club functions as a family and gives platform for the daily advancement of
                            an individual. Journey from a newly formed club to a well-to-do one wasn’t easy, but was
                            surely memorable. Sweat and passion together handed the club its very first opportunity to
                            perform in Kaalrav’17. Chromatix was highly applauded and their first appearance in
                            Kaalrav’17 was highly appreciated. This club also has plans for conducting workshops and
                            training classes for newbies. SMITMUN SMITMUN is a student- run initiative that strives to create world – class leaders and
                            provides an international platform for them to voice their ideas on various topics that
                            concern the whole of humanity. Allowing students to step into the shoes of diplomats and
                            ambassadors, SMITMUN gives them a taste of what it feels like to have a hope of an entire
                            country on their shoulders. SMITMUN, in collaboration with UNIC (United Nations
                            Information Centre for India & Bhutan) and HeForShe (UN Women Solidarity Movement for gender
                            equality) organises annual Model UN Conference Summit Sikkim which allows one to be in the
                            company of highly intellectual minds and discuss on issues like Freedom of Speech, South
                            China Sea Dispute, Political Reforms or anything that our national and world leaders face or
                            are likely to face in the future. Thinking out-of-the-box, convincing everyone with new
                            ideas, drafting laws and resolutions and enforcing them globally are some features of MUN.
                            Not only does it boost ones’ confidence, but also inculcates public speaking and convincing
                            abilities. SMITMUN is a great platform for students to rise, lead and grow. SPORTS CLUB Sports club SMIT is a cohesive group of sports enthusiasts who take keen interest in
                            organizing and participating sports events at SMIT. Since its inception in 2015, the student
                            members of Sport Club have majorly responsible for organizing varied events viz. Kaalrav
                            Kridah in the year 2016 and 2017, Inter college football tournament, Inter College Cricket
                            Tournament and the like .Under the alike guidance of Dhiraj Sir (Teacher co-ordinator) and
                            Sports Head Sarvottam Kaundinya, Sports Club strives to promote a popular sports culture and
                            a healthy and active environment for the students, faculty and staff members here at SMIT. PHOTOGRAPHY CLUB a. CREW We click. We learn. We share. The tagline itself depicts the dedication
                            towards the art. Initially started by a bunch of talented, creative boys a couple of
                            years back, the group has seen many crest and trough across this brief yet all-encompassing
                            time period. The group hit the milestone right after the annual fest of SMIT, KAALRAV. The
                            event brought in management, team spirit, passion and positive vibes to the group. Often
                            heard the fellow members calling “The Crew” a family is rightly seen when they are together.
                            Over the years, the group has extended its boundaries in and out of the college premise. The
                            Crew is the birthplace of zillions of passionate photographers and soon made it to the top
                            by becoming the first ever-Official Photography Club of SMIT. INNOVISION a. EDGE Over the years gaming has gone from a single player activity into one where
                            thousands of players worldwide play together and share the grander experience of the now;
                            social activity. The main objectives of the edge gaming club is to help build this gaming
                            community in the college, to build games as projects and to help the members of the club
                            develop their skills involved with these activities. Objectives aside, we however intend
                            on letting games do what they do best; making sure everyone is having a good time and
                            bringing together a rather introverted lot. b. INQUIZITIVE Inquisitive, a club started on 6th of February, 2015 is the sole
                            quizzing club of Sikkim Manipal institute of technology, which aims to inspire students of
                            here to pursue their hunger for the knowledge in areas other than their regular field of
                            study. The club encourage the passion among students for healthy competition with proper
                            quality quizzes covering various interesting and new theme every time. The club wish to
                            provide a platform for students with a thirst for knowledge and ever ready to increase their
                            intellectual level. c. OPEN SOURCE CLUB (OSC) On top of building a community of open source
                            enthusiasts, the club’s objecyive is to create useful projects not only club members, but
                            everyone, all the while developing the members team working and coding skills. d. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI CLUB) We are currently a small and upcoming
                            club at Sikkim Manipal Institue of Technology consisting of students from a variety of
                            degree programs interested in sharing a better understanding of Arificial Intelligence (AI),
                            its problems , techniques for implementing their respective solutions, and keeping abreast
                            of current developments in the domain. e. DE DESINO (Designing Club) The idea of De Desino which aims to create a centre
                            of excellence in designing and the discipline of innovation including creative and
                            user-centric approaches for developing products, processes and services. ALUMNI CELL The Alumni Cell of SMIT forms the crucial link between the esteemed alumni of our Institute
                            and the present students. It helps bridge the gap between the two, enables the students in
                            knowing their alumni well, helps them in networking with each other and the cell since its
                            birth has contributed undoubtedly in connecting the SMIT Family spread worldwide. The web
                            portal maintained by the cell also acts as a great source of opportunities for the students
                            in the form of internships, project funding, corporate exposure, placement training and much
                            more. A group of young, dedicated and hardworking students who together work on publishing
                            success stories of various alumni excelling in diverse fields run it. They bring their
                            stories to the world and inspire many. The cell works under the mentorship and guidance of
                            Prof. (Dr.) N. K. Bhattacharyya. It’s an exemplary team whose dedication for their alma
                            mater is unparalleled. UDAYAMITA The Club is dynamic platform designed to cultivate entrepreneurship and foster a culture of innovation among students and entrepreneurs. Through a series of engaging business challenging and events, club udyamita aims to provide participants with practical experience mentorship, and networking opportunities.  To experience the execution plan and other details people are invited join us. The Editorial Board of the Institute proudly presents its unique creation in the form of the
                            Annual Magazine 'SMITSONIAN' every year which serves as a platform to highlight the literary
                            and artistic segment of the SMIT family. Besides, the Editorial Board also brings out a Wall
                            Magazine - the 'CLARION', forming a bridge between flowing thoughts and artistic
                            magnification. The magazine also highlights the educational, cultural and sports activities
                            of the Institute. SMITSONIAN XXV Students Achievements 2025 The list of awards and achievements as submitted by the respective departments is as follows: Mr. Spandan Maitra, 5th semester CSE, published his research paper in The Journal Science & Engineering (Volume 91, special issue: “Artificial Intelligence – Application in the Field of Engineering”), an offline publication by the India Society of Engineers, marking a proud achievement for the department. Ms. Payal Khanal, 5th semester CSE student, was awarded the Bronze Medal by the Governor of Sikkim on 15th July 2025 under 3rd Sikkim BN NCC (CDR rank) for her acts of courage and bravery in the Senior Division (2024–2025). Jyotika Deviah (Reg No. 202400718, Dept of CSE – AI & ML, Semester: 3rd ), B.Tech student, won the following medals in 19th Sikkim State open swimming championship 2025, organized by Sikkim amateur Swimming association: Silver in 100-meter Butterfly Bronze in 100-meter Backstroke Bronze in 50-meter Backstroke Gold in 4×50-meter Medley Relay Silver in 4×50-meter Freestyle Relay. Vellanki Tvisha (Reg No. 202500727, Dept of CSE – Core, Semester: 1st), B.Tech student, won the following medals in 19th Sikkim State open swimming championship 2025, organized by Sikkim amateur Swimming association: Gold in 100-meter Butterfly Gold in 100-meter Freestyle Gold in 4×50-meter Medley Relay Silver in 4×50-meter Freestyle Relay. Arav Thakar (Reg No. 202400522, Dept of CSE – Core, Semester: 3rd), B.Tech student, won the following medals in 19th Sikkim State open swimming championship 2025, organized by Sikkim amateur Swimming association: Silver in 100-meter Backstroke Silver in 50-meter Backstroke Bronze in 50-meter Freestyle Gold in 4×50-meter Freestyle Relay. Raisa Das (Reg No. 202400217, Dept of CSE – Core, Semester 3rd), B.Tech student, won the following medals in 19th Sikkim State open swimming championship 2025, organized by Sikkim amateur Swimming association: Bronze in 100-meter Butterfly Gold in 4×50-meter Freestyle Relay. Ms. Jyotika Deviah, a 3rd semester, CSE (AI&ML) student, was selected and successfully attended the OTA attachment camp of senior division NCC from 7th September to 22nd September 2025. Aryan Baruah (Reg No. 202300368, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program. Bhagyodaya Rai,(Reg No. 202300438, Dept. of Information Technology, Semester 5th) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program. Fortune Parajuli(Reg No. 202300584, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th ) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program. Krishangi Deba Kashyap(Reg No. 202300208, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th ) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program Kunwar Kantikeya Gautam(Reg No. 202300570, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th ) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program. Prince Yadav(Reg No. 202300571, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th ) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program. Rajnandini Devi(Reg No. 202300526, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program. Shivam Kumar Singh(Reg No. 202300625, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th ) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program. Debayan Das Gupta(Reg No. 202200187, Dept of Information Technology, Semester 5th ) for successfully completing "Networking Essentials" offered by Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology through the Cisco Networking Academy program Praveen Kumar Pradhan(Reg no. 201910022, Dept of Information Technology) has successfully presented the paper, "A Template Matching Based Approach for Geolocating Cadastral Aerial Images", DOI: 13 September 2025 Praveen Kumar Pradhan (Reg no. 201910022, Dept of Information Technology) has successfully presented the paper, "Graphically Residual Attentive Network for tackling aerial image occlusion". Kunal Purkayastha (Reg no. 201910022, Dept of Information Technology) – Admissions accepted for Master's Program in Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona on 05/05/2025. Karma Tseten Tashi Shenga Bhutia (202400022) of 3rd Semester, Electrical and Electronics Engineering Department, secured 2nd position in Open Men’s Basketball 2024–2025 organised by the sports department of SMIT. Darshan Bhujel (202300519), Ricky Donb Rai (202413508), Trisha Rai (202413510), Uma Devi Gurung (202313509) of 5th Semester, Electrical and Electronics Engineering Department, were selected for the prestigious National Tour conducted by the Indian Army. The students embarked on an enriching journey across Bengaluru, Mysuru, and Hyderabad, meeting the Governors of Telangana and Sikkim and visiting premier institutions such as ISRO (U.R. Rao Satellite Centre), Biocon, BEL, and Infosys. Ms. Suveksha Tamang (Reg. No. 202210004, Ph.D. Scholar, Department of Chemistry) – Selected for the National Fellowship for ST Candidates. Mr. Bimal Chettri (Reg. No. 202210005, Ph.D. Scholar, Department of Chemistry) – Awarded SRF (Direct)/RA under CSIR. Ms. Karisma Sharma (Reg. No. 202410050, Ph.D. Scholar, Department of Chemistry) – Awarded the Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research (INSPIRE) Fellowship. The Associate Director of Student Affairs looks after the welfare of the students and
                            coordinates all type of student activities in the campus through various clubs and Student
                            Council. Associate Director (SA) is available in the office during working hours and can be
                            reached anytime on phone beyond working hours. Contact: Dr. Pankaj Chettri Associate Director (Student Affairs) Professor,
                            Dept. of Mathematics Contact No: +91 9434213929 Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology (SMIT) Anti-Ragging Committee is constituted every year with Director as the Chairman. The members
                            comprise of Joint Director, Associate Director(A), Associate Director (SA), Associate
                            Director (R&D), All HODs, Manger (Admin.), Chef Warden, Warden (Boy’s and Girl’s, Sub-
                            Divisional Police Office (Rangpo), VP & GS (Student Council), Parents Representative (1st
                            year students) and Students Representative (1st year students). The committee decides about the duties and period of Anti-Ragging Squad to be formed. The
                            committee deliberates on various method of making the Anti-Ragging vigilance effective and
                            preventive in nature. Anti-Ragging Squad The squad comprise of 9-11 faculty members. The senior most faculty member of the squad acts
                            as a coordinator and is required to submit a report by 9.00 AM on the next day to Director’s
                            office. In total 18 squad are formed to monitor the students’ activities both in working
                            days and holidays. The squad is required to immediately intimate Associate Director(SA)/Chief Warden/Manager
                            (Admin.) on observation of any suspicious activity. Anti-Ragging Commitee As the apex integrity institution, the central vigilance commission is mandated to fight
                            corruption and to ensure integrity in public administration. Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology, Sikkim celebrated the Vigilance Awareness Week
                            from 26th October to 1st November 2021 with the theme " स्वतंत्र भारत @ 75: सत्यनिष्ठा से आत्मनिर्भरता (Independent India @
                                75: Self Reliance with Integrity) "; and issued circular No. 021/VGL/045 dated
                            01/09/2021. Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology (SMIT) continues to foster a dynamic sports culture through its diverse range of tournaments and athletic events. Organized under the Department of Physical Education & Sports and the Associate Director (Student Affairs) – Sports Cell, these events promote sportsmanship, fitness, teamwork, and holistic development. Below is a showcase of major sporting events conducted during the year 2025 Open Kabaddi Tournament 2025 SMIT hosted an exhilarating Open Kabaddi Tournament 2025, held from 7 March to 27 March 2025. With 78 internal participants, the league witnessed intense evening matches and overwhelming student support. The final match featured Team Yodhha defeating Team Raider7 in a gripping showdown. Winner: Team Yodhha Runner-up: Team Raider7 The tournament celebrated strength, strategy, and team spirit, making it one of the most exciting events of the season. Open Powerlifting Tournament 2025 Conducted on 8 March 2025, the Open Powerlifting Tournament showcased exceptional displays of strength, determination, and technique across four competitive weight categories. The event highlighted top performers including: Suryasheesh – 265 kg (Below 60 kg category) Reegyal – 330 kg (60–67.5 kg) Suman – 335 kg (68–75 kg) Vivyanshu – 335 kg (76–82.5 kg) The event strengthened SMIT’s growing fitness culture and inspired more students to adopt powerlifting as a discipline. SMIT Open Chess Tournament 2025 Held from 27 February to 4 April 2025, the Chess Tournament brought together 26 student participants, showcasing strategic brilliance and competitive thinking. The final witnessed a nail-biting contest between Abdur Rajjak and Sambhav Singh Jaiswal, with Abdur emerging victorious.
                            The event cultivated analytical thinking and promoted intellectual sportsmanship among students. Open Futsal Tournament 2025 Organized between 26 February and 6 March 2025, this tournament featured fast-paced matches scheduled during early mornings and evenings. The final clash between Ishan Thapa’s team (Jhapa 5) and Dawa Namgyal Gurung’s team (Amboo Boys) ended with a 4–2 victory for Jhapa 5. Best Player: Ishan Thapa The event highlighted SMIT’s passion for speed, agility, and tactical gameplay. Open Table Tennis Tournament 2025 With 32 participants and multiple categories, the 2025 Table Tennis Tournament witnessed highly competitive matches. Champions included: Men’s Singles: Sherab Dorjee Bhutia Women’s Singles: Sneha Dutta Men’s Doubles: Abhineet Mishra & Sambhav Jaiswal Women’s Doubles: Nima Yanchen Sherpa & Sneha Dutta Mixed Doubles: Sherab Dorjee Bhutia & Tenzom Trinley Bhutia The event reaffirmed SMIT’s budding TT talent and the growing interest in racquet sports. Open Basketball Tournament 2025 (Men & Women) Spanning from 20 February to 28 March 2025, the Basketball Opens featured 75 dynamic players, delivering electrifying matches filled with skill, drama, and sportsmanship. Girls Champion: Team Warriors Girls Runner-up: Team All Stars Boys Champion: Denzong Boys Boys Runner-up: Team Cobra Kai Best Players: Girls: Pema Eden Bhutia Boys: Hrishal Thapa Manger The tournament significantly boosted campus enthusiasm and showcased exceptional basketball talent. SMIT Open Cricket Tournament 2025 (Men) One of the largest sporting events, the Open Cricket Tournament engaged 180 participants across 12 teams from 14 February to 9 March 2025. The grand finale saw Gorkha 11 defeat Falcons in a keenly contested match. Best Player: Harsh Aditya Raj (CSE) The tournament highlighted teamwork, discipline, and the strong cricketing spirit at SMIT. Open Volleyball Tournament 2025 (Men & Women) Winners (Men’s Category): Team Akraman Runners-up (Men’s Category): Team Guardians Winners (Women’s Category): Kasukabe Defence Group Runners-up (Women’s Category): Demeowr Best Players: Men – Nikhil Rai Women – Lija Tamang The event truly reflected unity, resilience, and the competitive spirit of SMIT athletes. Empowering Tomorrow’s Leaders in Technology Pay fee online Apply online Know our faculty For admissions +91 9732947000 | +91 9083254144 ABOUT US History overview Vision & Mission Leadership Awards and Achievements Rankings Worldwide Manipal Grievance Redressal System International Collaboration Cell Institution's Innovation Council Academics Notice Programs Faculty NIRF erp Login Institutions & Hospitals Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology (SMIT) Sikkim Manipal Institute of Medical Sciences (SMIMS) Sikkim Manipal College of Nursing (SMCON) Sikkim Manipal College of Physiotherapy (SMCPT) Faculty of Humanities, Social Sciences and Liberal Arts
                  (FHSSLA) Central Referral Hospital (CRH) Research Research List PhD PROGRAM News & Events News List Events List Careers Campus Life Our Campus © 2025 Sikkim Manipal University. All Rights Reserved. Apply Now Call Us Whatsapp